Works by compiling object files for the library, 
and then archiving them into jkweb.a. You can then
use these libs in your other programs by linking to
libkent.a and including the headers in the 'inc' folder.

I am currently working on adding support for building
shared libraries.



==Install Instructions==

0.0. If you have a ppc or alpha processor, then you
may need to change the line in the Makefile
that says MACHTYPE=x86_64. As of now 'ppc' and
'alpha' are the only two processor types that
are defined with any special meaning in this subset.
To quickly check whether or not this is still true
just run: `grep -R -i "MACHTYPE" *` and ignore the result
from the Makefile itself. If your processor is listed
in one of the lines, you should probably change the
MACHTYPE= line to reflect your processor type.

0.1. If you want to use a different compiler than gcc
you will need to change the CC=gcc line in the
Makefile. You may also need to change the compiler flags.

1. run `make`

2. done



*** TEXT FROM ORIGINAL KENT SOURCE LIB README ***
This directory contains general purpose, web oriented,
and computational biology oriented modules,  as well
as some less general stuff associated with the Intronerator
web site.  Initially this library was created by Jim
Kent from 1999 to 2001.  Since then other programmers have
also added to it.  Jim continues to make substantial
contributions.

With the exception of the gifcomp.c module, all 
modules here are free for all use - public, private,
or commercial. The gifcomp.c module contains code
originally distributed by CompuServe under a similar
"free for all" license.  However this uses the LZW
patented by UniSys, which UniSys started enforcing
several years after CompuServe released this module.
The last I heard UniSys did not require a license
for non-commercial purposes, but did require a
license for commercial purposes. This may change
in the future, though the patent is nearing it's
expiration date in any case.  Commercial users
are advised to either get a license for LZW, or
to switch from GIF to PNG.



